Add "Settings" section to README (#1581)
TypedDjango/django-stubs: README.md

* `django_stubs_ext.db.router.TypedDatabaseRouter` can be used as base when implementing custom database routers.

## Settings

> The list of settings we support in `[tool.django-stubs]` for `toml` or `[mypy.plugins.django-stubs]` for `ini`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The list of settings we support in `[tool.django-stubs]` for `pyproject.toml` or `[mypy.plugins.django-stubs]` for `mypy.ini`:
```

> - `django_settings_module` string, which is the same as [`DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE` env var](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.2/topics/settings/#designating-the-settings)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `django_settings_module` string, which is the same as [`DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE` env var](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/stable/topics/settings/#designating-the-settings)
```

> ## Settings
> 
> The list of settings we support in `[tool.django-stubs]` for `pyproject.toml` or `[mypy.plugins.django-stubs]` for `mypy.ini`:
> - `django_settings_module` string, which is the same as [`DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE` env var](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/stable/topics/settings/#designating-the-settings)
> - `strict_settings` which can be `true` or `false` (defaults to `true`), behavior is [specified here](https://github.com/typeddjango/django-stubs#how-to-use-a-custom-library-to-handle-django-settings)

Reviewer 2: Wordsmithing to use simpler sentences and more accurate terminology.

```suggestion
## Settings

django-stubs has a few settings, which you can list in:

* `pyproject.toml`, under the table `[tool.django-stubs]`
* `mypy.ini` under the table `[mypy.plugins.django-stubs]`

The supported settings are:

- `django_settings_module`, a string.

  Specify the import path of your settings module, the same as Django’s [`DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE` environment variable](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/stable/topics/settings/#designating-the-settings).

- `strict_settings`, a boolean, default `true`.

  Set to `false` if using dynamic settings, as [described below](https://github.com/typeddjango/django-stubs#how-to-use-a-custom-library-to-handle-django-settings).
```

Author: Much better, thank you!

* `django_stubs_ext.db.router.TypedDatabaseRouter` can be used as base when implementing custom database routers.

## Settings

django-stubs has a few settings, which you can list in:

> * `pyproject.toml`, under the table `[tool.django-stubs]`
> * `mypy.ini` under the table `[mypy.plugins.django-stubs]`

Reviewer 2: I made a comma inconsistency which will drive me nuts

```suggestion
* `pyproject.toml`, under the table `[tool.django-stubs]`
* `mypy.ini`, under the table `[mypy.plugins.django-stubs]`
```
